Add dio image provider to list of plugins (#40)
cfug/diox: dio/README.md

| [dio_http_cache](https://github.com/hurshi/dio-http-cache)                           | [![Pub](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/dio_http_cache.svg)](https://pub.dev/packages/dio_http_cache)                           | A simple cache library for Dio like Rxcache in Android                                                                 |
| [pretty_dio_logger](https://github.com/Milad-Akarie/pretty_dio_logger)               | [![Pub](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/pretty_dio_logger.svg)](https://pub.dev/packages/pretty_dio_logger)                     | Pretty Dio logger is a Dio interceptor that logs network calls in a pretty, easy to read format.                       |
| [native_dio_client](https://github.com/ueman/native-dio-client)                      | [![Pub](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/native_dio_client.svg)](https://pub.dev/packages/native_dio_client)                     | An adapter for Dio which makes use of cupertino_http and cronet_http to delegate HTTP requests to the native platform. |

> | [dio_image_provider](https://github.com/ueman/image_provider)                        | [![Pub](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/dio_image_provider.svg)](https://pub.dev/packages/dio_image_provider)                   | An image provider which makes use of package:dio to instead of dart:io                                                 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [dio_image_provider](https://github.com/ueman/image_provider)                        | [![Pub](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/dio_image_provider.svg)](https://pub.flutter-io.cn/packages/dio_image_provider)                   | An image provider which makes use of package:dio to instead of dart:io                                                 |
```

Please reformat the table after this.
